Seminar topic B
Zahteve zaključka
Playing Nine men's morris (Mill)
Implement an intelligent agent to play the Nine men's morris game.


1. Adversarial search (0 - 5 points)
Implement the minimax algorithm with alpha-beta pruning to play the game. What utility function did you use to estimate the value of a node?
Did you have to limit the search depth to play the game in a feasible time? Presents the plots of how the search time decreases by limiting the depth.
By playing perfectly, an agent should never lose a game (but can end up in a draw). Let two instances of your agent compete against each other. What happens?

2. Different difficulties (0 - 5 points)
Research possible ways to implement different difficulties of your AI player, e.g. let it make occasional mistakes, limit search, etc.
Implement at least three different difficulties and make them compete against each other. Present the results.

3. Playing with a human (0 - 5 points)
Use the User Interaction wrapper to implement human - AI game play.
Can you beat any of your AI agents (maybe one of a lower difficulty)?

4. Source code + presentation (0 - 5 points)
Use the famnit-gym package to implement the Mill environment. Do not use any other libraries.
All search algorithms must be implemented by you in Python. No external libraries or 3rd party code is allowed.
Create a poster in PDF format that presents your work and your findings. Follow the templates for conference posters.
Have a 10 minute presentation together with your colleague. Attendance and presentation is necessary to pass the seminar work.
Submission

Submit 3 files to the e-classroom: (1) The ZIP file with the working Python code. (2) The PDF of the poster. (3) A markdown file, giving short instructions on how to run your examples.
The files must be named using the following pattern: <group number>_IS_Seminar1_<last name 1>_<last name 2>.[zip | pdf | md]
The deadline for submission is 3 days before the presentations.
Zadnja sprememba: sreda, 29. oktober 2025, 11.22
